What explanation do I need to give you?
Are you still bluffing here?
You must have known
I got the scroll for the steward
This should have been Ye Rulong
And you stole the beam and changed the pillar, right?
I steal beams and change columns
Of course you can't replace the scrolls of the 5 stewards
But want to deal with two of the managers
For you
I don't think so.
Yetian Temple
You must be behind all this.
Everyone here
Who doesn't see me as the strongest candidate?
You are so despicable.
You give me back this face, you give me back
I see
It's still Zhang Shaoming
I was almost deceived by this kid. Wow.
nobody
You think you have relied on him all these years, Ye Rulong
If it weren't for me
He leaves like a dragon
I've already squandered all my property
When was it not me who turned the tide?
Stop farting
Who doesn't know that I am the light of the Ye family?
That's because I'm behind the scenes
I raise you
Can't steal your light
Stewards
This must be a conspiracy
I am the father of the president of Daxia Shanghui
I presume you should know
This is a time when some decisions have to be made
Ye Shang is famous
And he Ye Tianci
Just a little security guard who just entered the imperial capital
powerless
Are you willing to die for them like this?
A little prick
I can give you a chance to confess
Did you really do something?